feat: Add docs about request isolation in Node SDK (#11378)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/enriching-events/scopes/index.mdx

The scope inside the `withScope()` callback is only valid inside of the callback. Once the callback ends, the scope will be removed and no longer applied. The inner scope is only applied to events that are captured inside of the callback. `withScope()` will clone (or fork) the current scope, so that the current scope is not modified. This allows you to
more easily isolate pieces of context information to specific locations in your code or
even call <PlatformIdentifier name="clear" /> to briefly remove all context information.

<PlatformCategorySection supported={['server']}>
## Using `withIsolationScope`

> `withIsolationScope` works fundamentally the same as `withScope`, but it will fork the isolation scope instead of the current scope. Generally, the isolation scope is meant to be forked less frequently than the current scope, and in most cases the SDK will handle this automatically for you. But in cases where you e.g. want to capture SDK events in a middleware (which happens before the request is processed and thus before the SDKs automatic handling), or if you want to isolate a non-request process (e.g. a background job), you can use `withIsolationScope` to create a new isolation scope that is only active for the duration of the callback:
> 
> <PlatformContent includePath="enriching-events/scopes/with-isolation-scope" />
> </PlatformCategorySection>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`withIsolationScope` works fundamentally the same as `withScope` with the exception that it forks the isolation scope instead of the current scope. Generally, the isolation scope is meant to be forked less frequently than the current scope, and in most cases the SDK will handle this automatically for you. 

But in cases where you for example, want to capture SDK events in a middleware (which happens before the request is processed and thus before the SDK can automatically handle it), or if you want to isolate a non-request process (for example, a background job), you can use `withIsolationScope` to create a new isolation scope that's only active for the duration of the callback by instrumenting the below:

<PlatformContent includePath="enriching-events/scopes/with-isolation-scope" />
</PlatformCategorySection>
```

Author: I removed the part about middlewares because it turns out it is not actually correct. rewrote it slightly!

The scope inside the `withScope()` callback is only valid inside of the callback. Once the callback ends, the scope will be removed and no longer applied. The inner scope is only applied to events that are captured inside of the callback. `withScope()` will clone (or fork) the current scope, so that the current scope is not modified. This allows you to
more easily isolate pieces of context information to specific locations in your code or
even call <PlatformIdentifier name="clear" /> to briefly remove all context information.

<PlatformCategorySection supported={['server']}>
## Using `withIsolationScope`

> `withIsolationScope` works fundamentally the same as `withScope`, but it will fork the isolation scope instead of the current scope. Generally, the isolation scope is meant to be forked less frequently than the current scope, and in most cases the SDK will handle this automatically for you.

Reviewer 2: For a person who is not very familiar with Sentry SDK, this sentence is probably too dense for me. I know what request isolation and isolating scopes are but what exactly is "forking a scope". What is the current scope and how it is determined? Why is is meant to be forked less frequently and how is it relevant to me or this conversation? What are those "most cases" where the SDK handles for me. At least what _kind_ of cases are meant to be automatically handled?

Author: we (try to) explain these things in the page above this section (see https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/node/enriching-events/scopes/). I do agree that all of this is not super easy to understand, feel free to PR changes to wording to this!

Reviewer 2: > I do agree that all of this is not super easy to understand, feel free to PR changes to wording to this!

That's the thing! I would love to but I 100% don't understand what's going on. The questions I raised in my first comment are questions I don't know the answers to 😅
